# How-Can-You-Heal-Your-Body-Effectively-with-Ayurveda---Franchglobal
Ayurveda (short of Ayurvedic medicine) is one of the oldest forms of healing that stems from natural products and therapy. A form of art practised for over 3000 years, Ayurveda was India’s best-kept secret.  The name is derived from “Ayu”, which means longevity and “Veda”, which means wisdom. And it involves balancing the mind, body, and soul.  The principles of Ayurvedic medicine revolve around the fact that everything in this universe is made up of energies, including humans. These energies are: space air fire water earth The Ayurvedic Doshas are three types of energies made up of combinations of different universal energy.  Vata – A combination of air and space. Kapha – A combination of earth and water. Pitta – A combination of fire and water.  Incorporating these elements effectively for your healing will give you a holistic approach to living a better lifestyle. Some ways are,  Healing Digestive Problems Imbalance in the Pitta Dosha is a consequence of poor digestive health. This is because the body is full of toxic substances called “ama”, and the inability to burn or flush out these toxins lead to digestive issues like constipation, IBS, and improper gut health. There are many ways you can heal your body with ayurvedic treatment. (Read more – How can you improve your digestion?)  Skin And Hair Problems Your skin type changes depending on your dosha. For instance, people with Kapha dosha will have thick oily skin whereas, people with Pitta Dosha will easily breakout and get frequent rashes, and people with Vata Dosha have dry delicate skin. Franch Oil NH* Plus is an age-old recipe made with natural ingredients to combat skin and hair related issues. By applying Franch Oil NH* Plus to the face, one reaps the following benefits, prevention of dry skin, chapped lips, and dark circles. The benefits of using Franch Oil NH* Plus on hair include promoting healthy growth and preventing dandruff. This Ayurvedic all in one oil helps balance the Doshas, thereby fostering good health.  Treating Diabetics Diabetic is a growing endemic in India. Due to Covid 19, there is a steep rise in type diabetes among the younger generation due to the increase in sugar consumption and lack of exercise. Naturally healing the body with Ayurvedic products allows the body to regulate the body sugar levels and reduces the chances of other diabetes-related complications.  To know more: https://franchglobal.com/how-can-you-heal-your-body-effectively-with-ayurveda/
